{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17500\viewh15120\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 References for BlobHandling Routines\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 REF1\ulnone : For SVW biovolume\
\
Biovolume calculation based upon Sieracki,Viles and Webb, 1989, "Algorithm to estimate cell biovolume using image analyzed microscopy", Cytometry 10:551-557.\
\
\ul REF2\ulnone : for SVW biovolume\
\
pmbiovol.c used for Sieracki, Viles and Webb (1989).  Contact Mike Sieracki at Bigelow Laboratory for Ocean Science\
\
\ul REF3\ulnone : general guide and template\
\
see ImageJ's Roi, ParticleAnalyzer, ResultsTable, Analyzer\
\
\ul REF4\ulnone : *Excellent* for contour and labeling, Moments, Hu Moments, etc.\
\
Wilhelm BURGER, Mark J. BURGE, \ul Digital Image Processing An Algorithmic Introduction using Java\ulnone , ISBN: 978-1-84628-379-6, Springer 2008\
\
\ul REF5\ulnone : For contouring and labeling\
F. Chang, C.-J. Chen, and C.-J. Lu, A linear-time component-labeling algorithm using contour tracing technique, Computer Vision and Image Understanding, vol. 93, no. 2, pp. 206-220, 2004. \
\
\ul REF6\ulnone : general reference, moments\
B.K.P.Horn, \ul Robot Vision\ulnone  ,  ISBN-10:0-262-08159-8, The MIT Press, 1986.\
\
\
\ul REF7\ulnone : For AMI (affine moment invariants)\
Flusser J., Suk T.: Pattern Recognition by Affine Moment Invariants. Pattern Recognition , 26 (1993), 1, 167-174. \
Flusser, J., Suk, T.: Affine Moment Invariants: A new tools for character recognition. Patter Recognition Letters, 15 (1994), 433-436.\
http://zoi.utia.cas.cz/moment_invariants\
\
This book is available as of Jan 2010 - it adds more moments to the AMI collection but they are not included at this time.\
Jan Flusser, Tom\'e1\'9a Suk, and Barbara Zitov\'e1, Moments and Moment Invariants in Pattern Recognition, Wiley & Sons Ltd., 2009 (312 pp., ISBN 978-0-470-69987-4)\
\
\ul REF8\ulnone :  Elliptical Fourier Descriptors\
Mark Nixon and Alberto Aguado, \ul Feature Extraction and Image Processing\ulnone , 2nd Ed, Academic Press 2008, ISBN 978-0-1237-2538-7 \
\
\ul REF9\ulnone : general reference and the SKEDM (SKeletonization * EDM)  method of estimating the width of strand-like particles\
John Russ, The Image Processing Handbook, 5th ed. CRC Press, 2007, ISBN 0-8493-7254-2\
\
\ul REF10\ulnone :\
Paul Bourke's excellent geometry references...  http://local.wasp.uwa.edu.au/~pbourke/geometry/\
\
\ul REF11:\ulnone  Connected components (aka graphs and subgraphs)\
http://www.kirupa.com/developer/actionscript/depth_breadth_search.htm\
see also REF4 Chapter 11 for similar searching used in FloodFilling}